people
yes yes I mean with previous classes
calm and you know for those of you who
want to earn the fantails and they're
really excited about them there's so
many different combos in so many
different movements you can do with them
there's plenty of videos on our website
so previous classes at council one of
these babies so um I my advice to do it
for those of you a little bit tight and
they don't work out is to definitely
make sure that you actually warm up some
of those muscles and get a little bit
stretching and warm up routine before
you attack these guys because they could
be a little bit painful when it comes to
the arms and the rest in the shoulders
okay so I'm gonna walk you guys through
a little bit of a warm-up routine to
show you how to warm up before you get
the full workout and the full practice
of these fan mails using my videos that
are on the website of three Guardians
classes com okay so first of all one the
most important thing that we use in our
fan veils is the off forearm so what
we're going to try to do this kind of
like hold our arms together like this a
90 degrees you see that it's just a nice
90 degrees and we gonna do this motion
right here like what palms are up palms
are down palms are up hung them down
okay this is not necessarily you know
important for anybody to do in order to
practice spinning veils but if you are
someone who does not work out at all you
know is never to use the forearm muscles
and that kind of stuff you know this is
important to maintain a cuddle warm up
this moves you know those muscles and
also going to give those joints used to
the motion right up and down and up and
down up and now so basically just kind
of go up and down up and down up and
down so your palms will be done then
they'll be up then be down give it up
down okay so can I get used to that
motion first all right now from there
but I want you guys to do is the same
exact motion but instead of being it
slow make it a little bit quicker and
smaller so from here basically my thumbs
are up you see this okay and then we're
doing this and then we know we're gonna
warm up and practice with the smooth as
kind of a
sick move to get ready for this channel
is because it's a one that we use a lot
and especially we use it for what we
like to call the flutter move on fannin
veil like if you have watched my videos
or any other dancers videos are there to
talk about fluttering with the fan veils
you'll notice that there is this motion
ok so I started a little bit slow down
speed it up for you guys so for you warm
up a little bit of practice to loosen up
the joints I want you guys to kind of
try this motion right here by like this
so thumbs start up in the legal side
upside upside upside upside because a
lot of this creates that kind of flutter
like we do this and then we do this it
is always funny by the way on the west
side right it's kind of interested to I
Jamaica I cuz I'm not left-handed but on
my right hand I can begin not so the
tambourine hand remember the tambourine
hand right from the flamenco remixes is
exactly that way so those are the two
exercises I want you to practice as a
warm-up the other thing is this
shoulders there are some moments that
come from the shoulders someone should
kind of like recreate those movements
and stretch the shoulders muscles before
you attempt off the fan fail if
specially if you're going to be
practicing for an hour or two different
movements that I taught you on the
website so i want you to take this arm
all the way up and then take it to the
opposite direction point with you right
up left arm and then taking so your
right hand is in front of your shoulder
you see this is my left shoulder so my
right hand is in front and then kind of
walk it like this okay give it a lot of
stretch where you push it you down like
this and then bring it back up and then
same thing on the other side so you take
your left arm and left hand to the right
side and then give it a little stretch
you want to give that a little bit of a
few practices and through repetition so
check that again to the other side give
it a little pull what this does
basically this wretched shoulder muscles
but it also stretches your side hips and
ass and those are the muscles
to use a lot when you are doing belly
dancing moves with this hip hip drops
and so on so again i'm going to try the
other side like this okay all right no
bring it to the front and relax and
another think i want you guys to
practice which is something we also use
a lot in pain or fayetteville i'd like
to call in face all the time because we
cover my newfane fans and the veil I
like football field so we're going to
bring the arm forward and back like a
swimmers arms you know like Regis a
butterfly with as a swimmer you're kind
of like roll back roll back roll back so
start slow and then speed it up as you
go and then I want you to kind of go
forward forward forward forward and then
back back back back again forward
forward forward forward and then back
back back back one more time forward
back back back and then give it a nice
little cross sighs and Google nice
little oh and then switch push those
arms back a little bit you right and
then cross on the other sizes can
stretch the other side and then give it
a nice little push to the back and then
one more time to the side okay and then
push back and then almost time the other
side and then give it a little bit of a
push back okay so these are basic
movements because a lot of defend
ailments come either from the race the
forearm or the shoulder so that's what
we can try to stretch all those
different joints accordingly before we
attempt this practice okay so hopefully
you guys find this helpful and kind of
loosens you out so a lot of it before
you practice but again if you are a very
active person you don't really have to
do this warm-up you can just jump right
to it and then practice so i'll see you
the next videos on Freebo guest passes
calm where you get to practice all the
different fun movement and company
of anvils providers casa.com again is
our website and youtube channel make
sure you subscribe to it as well take
care bye